In a standard Redux app,
when store.dispatch is called the reducer runs.
With our checkAndDispatch function,
we need to run some verification code before the reducer run.
So we run checkAndDispatch first,
and then if the verification passes,
it runs store.dispatch which calls the reducer.
For this change, we had to manually alter our app code works.
Wouldn't it be nice if we could leave our store.dispatch calls where they
were and run some code between store.dispatch and the reducer?
Well, it turns out,
it does, it's called Middleware.
Let's take a look at how we can replace
our checkAndDispatch function with native Redux Middleware.